What? Is this from the vice president’s hot car?
Who doesn’t know? You are the popular person around the vice president.
I'll give you a branch to take care of it.
When the time comes, don’t forget me.
Vice President. Don't be so talkative,
Vice President, please walk slowly. Li Jiaojiao,
Do you dare to embarrass me by pretending to be the CEO’s wife?
I will definitely become a real CEO’s wife,
are you okay
You don’t need to be taken to the hospital
Come, if it is the early stage
How did you get out of Mr. Fu's car?
You should never fall in love with Mr. Fu again, right?
Mr. Fu doesn’t want to make it public anymore. Early stage
Then we are all in the same department